Add notes to MetricReader.Collect about overriding (#2166)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/sdk.md

filter, timeout). [OpenTelemetry SDK](../overview.md#sdk) authors MAY choose the
return value type, or do not return anything.

Note: it is expected that the `MetricReader.Collect` implementations will be

> provided by the SDK, so the recommendation is to prevent the user from

Reviewer: Should this be a normative statement?

```suggestion
provided by the SDK, so it is RECOMMENDED to prevent the user from
```
